anti-vaxx maniacs
shall i say this is part one how many
youtube videos could i make
10 20 200 if i started taking on and
criticizing people like jeff nelson here
leaders self-appointed leaders
of the coronavirus conspiracy theory
anti-vaxx movement say we do have a
hundred thousand deaths in the country
remember we get 30 000 deaths from the
flu
this is going to be we predicted from
the beginning that this is going to be
worse than the flu
so we'd have to at least have 30 000
deaths for it to be worse than the flu
it is less dangerous than influenza
but do we wait till 20 000 people die
and then start panicking
it's not gonna happen okay that's the
point it's not gonna happen i believe
you
it's not gonna in a few weeks this is
going to phase out
is that just because there is a flu
season and you expect the
the kovhid 19 to sort of follow the same
timeline as your typical flu season
i don't expect it i guarantee it these
people
are skeptical of political
and scientific authority when it suits
them
and credulous when that advances
their agenda twice as many people with
aids in california
than with covid in hospitals says jeff
nelson but no
aids quote vaccine a close quote to
profit from
there are so many bizarre false
assumptions
built into this so i mean don't you
think somebody else could see the very
opposite here don't you think somebody
could argue that there's a lot
more money to be made in finding a cure
for aids in hiv aids research than
coronavirus research like
even if you wanted to get on board with
this mentality of claiming that
financial motives are shaping what's
going on here
don't you think there's more than one
possible perspective on this
that a a quick google search could open
your mind up to
no no no no jeff's conclusion is be
safe and avoid any shots from
convicted felon companies and
lying politicians whatever you do yes
because we are supposed to presume that
jeff
here is telling the truth unlike
our democratically elected politicians
watch
carefully what democracy means to them
as these screenshots unfold and yeah
a quick google search will reveal some
interesting facts in california
136 566 people were living diagnosed
with hiv in 2018
by contrast we've only had the
coronavirus circulating for
about two years maximum at this point
3.6 million cases within the state of
california and they are now well
over 59 000 deaths can you imagine
can you imagine any reason why
ordinary people not to mention
politicians might be
legitimately much more concerned
about coronavirus than hiv aids just
given the uh shall we say method
of transmission somehow somehow i don't
think
it's some corrupt financial motive
that's driving the alarm here
jeff jeff nelson if you don't know who
he is
is famous for two reasons and two
reasons only
his daughters cause i got that boom boom
that all the boys
he has twins and he has groomed them
to be performing artists since birth
dance all like every day and we've also
been singing we do school online so we
can go to a ballet conservatory over in
hollywood we're
classically trained in ballet we can tap
and salsa and
hip hop bust the move
you want it
oh man that's their dad in the
background
that's their dad and what comes next hey
he is what you would call a stage dad or
a stage
parent a bizarre and in some ways
concealed some ways
overexposed subculture within california
he didn't have his daughters go to
regular school he had them homeschooled
and
put them into a dance conservatory and
uh
you know growing up with crazy parents
it opens a lot of doors for you i mean
let's let's face it if they had had more
seeing stable normal parents these girls
wouldn't have had
the opportunity to study singing and
dance from such an early age and to
become
i don't know uh spokespeople
for their skincare line and to take up
their strange position in the vegan
movement
but but but but in other ways of course
it's tragic to see
because the eccentricity of one's
parents it opens
some doors for you but others will slam
shut
they were talking about going to
university
these two going back to university i
should say because they dropped out
to pursue social media startups some
years ago they were talking about it and
then all that
talk disappeared and to be honest i
think those youtube videos disappeared i
think they delisted or deleted
the youtube videos they were talking
about their their plans and what it was
they were studying given their
educational background given their
family background i say with uldu
sympathy i imagine it would be
tremendously difficult
for these two to hit the books and
really just get
an ordinary ba and i don't really blame
them
i blame jeff nelson quote
vaccinating kids will injure and kill a
significant number of them
but the profits for pfizer and the nih
will be so enormous and ongoing it will
be pushed through
money trumps children i have heard this
kind of reasoning
from some seemingly respectable medical
doctors
the flu virus in this country is vastly
more consequential
and nobody is talking about that this
corona thing doesn't worry me
it is at all it is a press induced panic
i am angry about it it is
the flu if you're under 65 and you get
it you're going to have the flu
and you're going to be fine but with the
passage of
time i noticed most of them tried to
backtrack
and make their immoderate claims seem
more moderate
there is no doubt we've seen many people
who are legitimate specialists
in one field of medicine completely
utterly embarrass themselves in another
so
i have many times quoted this specialist
on antidepressants
who you see on screen he's a guy who has
many many years of
research behind him many publications
specifically investigating and debunking
antidepressants
well guess what the epidemiology of
coronavirus
is well outside of his area of expertise
and uh from my perspective he has
utterly
made a fool of himself jeff nelson
whoever i have no mixed feelings about
he's made a fool of himself
in relation to chronovirus and there is
no other area of expertise that
i can praise him for quote biden advisor
and cnn and washington post health
correspondent says biden must prevent
unvaccinated people from having freedoms
yeah that that sounds like a reasonable
paraphrase
he must use his power to coerce the
public into taking a dodgy
quote vaccine close quote pfizer owns
your media
you'll notice how fat shaming comes up
in this discourse again again
if you've been looking at other um
anti-vaxx maniacs you might not see this
as often
but something vegans like to do
especially is to point out like
oh well how many people died because of
obesity this year
so what's the real conspiracy isn't
there a conspiracy to encourage you all
to eat hot dogs and bacon when you
consider the number of heart attacks
people are having due to obesity this
kind of reasoning and then
presenting it as a critique of the whole
establishment and status quo
and one kind of craziness lends weight
to another
lends impetus what can i say all of
these things are presented
as if we should implicitly trust the
authority of jeff nelson and completely
disregard
the authority of not just mainstream
journalists but especially our duly
elected political leaders
medical experts scientists so on and so
forth
quote you just know outlets like cnn
washington post the la times and many
others are receiving millions in
taxpayer dollars
to produce this fear-mongering and
propaganda dreck
point is people with natural
self-preservation instinct
would never take dangerous
pharmaceuticals from corrupt governments
and look who he's quoting it's dr
naomi wolfe yes that's right she's a
doctor but she's not
that kind of doctor dr naomi wolf the
left wing
is gradually waking up to just how
stupid naomi wolf is and how stupid
she always was she has become a peddler
of the lowest order
of conspiracy theories quote i hate to
say it
but it's time for the opposition parties
in the uk
cn and yes u.s to demand investigations
into all possible ties with china with
wuhan labs
and with gates tech and pharma conflicts
among our elected officials it's clear
there is global treason and oh yes
wouldn't you know it where there's talk
of treason
soon enough there's talk of violent
revolution and even guillotines in the
streets
quote governments stealing all your tax
money
to give to their associates and then
locking you up
at what point do people realize this
is why the guillotine was invented
close quote it never occurs to jeff
nelson
that if we were to return to the first
principles of the french revolution
if the revolutionaries were to get out
the guillotines that jeff himself
might be the sort of person to find his
head
on the chopping block this this reminds
me of fascists
who when they fantasize about a new
regime they just
presume that they will be a leader and
they won't be one of the people
downtrodden by it
also leftists when they fantasize about
violent revolution
they seem to just assume that they will
have choice and discretion
over who ends up on the guillotine jeff
nelson again quote
u.s foreign policy is basically piracy
biden has picked up where obama left off
with the greedy murderous military
activity
cloaked in propaganda close
quote now you can see from this
statement that jeff's relationship to
both the mainstream left and mainstream
right in american politics
is tenuous and difficult
to summarize it's somewhat painful for
me to see this statement from
john pilger who he's quoting here pilger
is a fool
and an ignoramus and always has been
however
he did publish a number of important
things about cambodia
back when so few journalists were
covering cambodian politics that almost
anyone who did so
ended up publishing material of very
real historical importance
i i kind of like john pilger but he's a
complete imbecile and
john pilcher is providing you a link to
the grayzone.com where you can find
yet more insane posturing and preaching
about u.s foreign policy oh yes and who
are they blaming here
big surprise israel quote do not believe
this kind of corporate sales bs
published by the media outlet that lied
us into the iraq war
keep kids and adults away from this
toxic garbage unless you hate them
you see how in his mind the anti-war
message and the conspiracy theory
message
blaming the media for past decisions in
u.s foreign policy
this is all part of the snowball effect
of more and more self-righteous
uncritical thinking
in some strange sense in his mind
there's a dotted line that links his
opposition to the iraq war
to his opposition to the use of vaccines
quote cnn and pfizer want you to believe
kovid was the third
leading cause of death it wasn't a bogus
test screwed up statistics and made
heart attacks strokes
car accidents and cancer into quote
covid deaths
unquote relax it's a bad
flu year that's all quote
california is still under a stay-at-home
order today
but no one is paying attention no matter
their political party
everyone knows flu season is over and
there's zero danger
lockdown is just one political party
acceding to
vaccine industry demands close
quote and so in sum
it was all just one big crazy
conspiracy jeff nelson
terrible parent terrible youtuber
terrible leader and influencer on the
vegan movement
if you would like to see more videos in
this ongoing series
anti-vaxx maniacs give it a thumbs up
share the link
tell your friends give me a phone call
see you in the lineup to get the
vaccines whatever
the really good news about nina and
randa
is that they finally went back to school
at the time when they published their uh
their book the clear skin diet not too
long ago
they still boasted that they dropped out
of school to pursue their
social media career their social media
stardom
and you know when you read
what it is they have to say as they
struggle to
put their thoughts together i think you
really see the
the harm that that's done to them um
yeah i do find it a little strange to
see uh to see them dancing
in very revealing attire with their
father in the room
i found it very strange when they put
out that music video
recently the duck boy music video
recorded entirely
with their father in the room there were
a lot of things i i find strange
you know about their lifestyle choices
and um i think the path they got on
in terms of modeling and acting
i think it has stunted their growth
both mentally and physically
my sling is editorial explicit material
briefcase show lava stereo flow fill me